README.md, before:

# Squelch to burst
This set of scripts is basically a embedded python-block [[1]] to convert tags.

### Background
When using a squelch in a GNUradio flowgraph the power squelch block [[2]] emits tags to mention the state:

-- **squelch\_sob** for the start of the burst<br>
-- **squelch\_eob** for the end of the burst<br>

When using a tagged filesink [[3]], this sink expects another tag:

-- **burst** value True for the start of the burst<br>
-- **burst** value False for the end of the burst<br>

This embedded python block tries to match these together.


### Mapping tags
The initial idea was to translate tags and let the user select the source and destination tag. This causes some problems:

1. The squelch to burst mapping is not a 1-to-1 mapping: Both squelch\_sob and squelch\_eob maps to burst but only the value changes from True to False
2. There is no "Delete Tag" option found [[4]]. Thus adding a tag is the only way to solve this.

So a fixed squelch to burst mapping is made.

### Flowgraphs

1. **squelch\_to\_burst.grc** is a audio recorder. When hitting the squelch, a new file is made.
2. **read\_back\_nbfm.grc** plays back a recorded IQ file from a SSTV transmission from ISS. When hitting the squelch, a new file with raw audio-samples is made. The squelch is not perfect here yet.

### ToDo
- [ ] Test in Gnuradio 3.8
- [ ] Seprate the block and include it in GNUradio


---
[1]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Embedded_Python_Block
[2]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Power_Squelch
[3]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Tagged_File_Sink
[4]: https://www.gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_stream_tags.html#stream_tags_api

Commit message:

Updated tag_propagation_policy in python.

README.md, after:

# Squelch to burst
This set of scripts is basically a embedded python-block [[1]] to convert tags.

### Background
When using a squelch in a GNUradio flowgraph the power squelch block [[2]] emits tags to mention the state:

-- **squelch\_sob** for the start of the burst<br>
-- **squelch\_eob** for the end of the burst<br>

When using a tagged filesink [[3]], this sink expects another tag:

-- **burst** value True for the start of the burst<br>
-- **burst** value False for the end of the burst<br>

This embedded python block tries to match these together.


### Mapping tags
The initial idea was to translate tags and let the user select the source and destination tag. This causes some problems:

1. The squelch to burst mapping is not a 1-to-1 mapping: Both squelch\_sob and squelch\_eob maps to burst but only the value changes from True to False
2. The original tags are blocked and only the new tags are propagated downstream in the flowgraph

So a fixed squelch to burst mapping is made.

#### Tag propagation in python
The propagation of tags is documented on the wiki [[5]] and the definitions for tag-propagation on the doxygen-pages [[6]].
Setting the propagation in python is done in the init-block in the code:

`self.set_tag_propagation_policy(gr.TPP_DONT)`
The value `TPP_DONT` prevents every tag to be propagated. see [[6]] for other options.
### Flowgraphs

1. **squelch\_to\_burst.grc** is a audio recorder. When hitting the squelch, a new file is made.
2. **read\_back\_nbfm.grc** plays back a recorded IQ file from a SSTV transmission from ISS. When hitting the squelch, a new file with raw audio-samples is made. The squelch is not perfect here yet.

### ToDo
- [ ] Test in Gnuradio 3.8
- [ ] Seprate the block and include it in GNUradio


---
[1]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Embedded_Python_Block
[2]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Power_Squelch
[3]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Tagged_File_Sink
[4]: https://www.gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_stream_tags.html#stream_tags_api
[5]: https://wiki.gnuradio.org/index.php/Guided_Tutorial_Programming_Topics#5.2.3_Tag_propagation
[6]: https://www.gnuradio.org/doc/doxygen/page_stream_tags.html#stream_tags_propagation
